yeah just got this tiny catfish and I'll
Paso Texas just saw like a two-pound
carp so I'll try to catch that and get
back to you guys this really big blue go
and I'll get back to you more fish pound
catfish
biggest one I've gotten so far get back
with carp hopefully this 1/2 pound
catfish is gonna get more eight today to
just cook this like four five pound car
it's like five fingers why I think it's
like the Mambo of the lake but we're
gonna release it soon don't have my
scale today we're in el paso texas put
this little poncho
get it back didn't I
okay just got another car not as big
maybe one and a half two pounds here
this pawn don't touch this again
all right you really see miss carp
oh yeah yes good
I'm going to Elephant Butte tonight the
lake so that's that's got this small
white bath at Elephant Butte Lake so
we'll get back to you more fish